So when dealing with suicide or loss, there's resource is really depend
on individual. But some resource is that worked. Is bringing an extra
counselors chaplains making them available just so people can share
their own thoughts and experiences with those individuals? Sometimes
it's it's bringing those individuals together as a group and having
a group discussion and and in a healthy way describe how it makes
them feel, how they are dealing with the circumstance. But really
the best resource for any kind of tragedy or death is time and to allow
people to hell at their own pace and to not put judgment upon them.
Um, depending on how fast or how slow they take.